[SPEAKER_06]: Not content to only lament over his love interest that the spiny king could never realize, Jack Black is slated to take on the role of the only character who has a proper noun in Minecraft, at least that I know of, until I watch the series and learn new ones.
[SPEAKER_06]: Steve.
[SPEAKER_06]: He's voicing Steve.
[SPEAKER_06]: Many other actors and actresses have been announced, but few yet with named roles.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is the Mainstream Pixel Art Headline.
[SPEAKER_06]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rub Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about their story and more in two weeks of gaming news.
[SPEAKER_06]: Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
[SPEAKER_05]: Hello, my friends, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_05]: It is Orange Lounge Radio, live and back once again here on June 2nd, 2024, with episode number 1006 of our show.
[SPEAKER_05]: We are back after a week off.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sorry, my bad, I went out of town.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I hope you all had a good, long weekend, at least here in the States it was a long weekend.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm tangled in my headset, so I need a few.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I have homemade soup.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hmm, homemade soup.
[SPEAKER_05]: And yes, my headset is the same way.
[SPEAKER_05]: It gets like Christmas lights trying to untangle.
[SPEAKER_05]: And a little Twitch trick, you probably noticed I tend to put the cord behind me so that I don't have it dangling in front of me during the stream.
[SPEAKER_05]: We're doing this live.
[SPEAKER_05]: And when we do things live, sometimes I get a little belchy because I'm chugging a diet soda before we go live.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's the fun about doing a live internet show because we do tape live every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's VOG Network right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, while Dark Sakura enjoys her soup, and I will be curious what flavor, let's say hello to Loki.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hi, how are you, Loki?
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm doing pretty good.
[SPEAKER_05]: Did you enjoy the long weekend?
[SPEAKER_05]: It was just not very long.
[SPEAKER_05]: It still felt very short.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, no, I hear that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think it was more like the weekend flew by for me.
[SPEAKER_05]: Of course, I was out of town, so it's kind of like nonstop go, go, go, and that's what happens when you're out of town.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I would say almost like the better perk was a shorter work week because then it was an abbreviated four-day work week.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now, granted, that means five days worth of meetings in four days, but you make it work, and it just makes everything go by faster.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Since we do tape live and we have the video that plays over at VOG Network, sorry, it is not on the YouTube.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's an exclusive thing for our Twitch people and our Twitch subscribers.
[SPEAKER_05]: You can watch, of course, free on Sunday nights.
[SPEAKER_05]: But if you want to see our video library, that is something we ask that you subscribe to the channel for.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sorry, but it is a bonus thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: The podcast has been free for 22 years.
[SPEAKER_05]: The video is just a little bonus.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I do try to describe what's going on on the video.
[SPEAKER_05]: And Loki has games that play behind him.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I'm almost positive.
[SPEAKER_05]: This is a ha-gay reference here because it is June.
[SPEAKER_05]: It is, of course.
[SPEAKER_05]: We have to.
[SPEAKER_05]: Loki is, of course.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know if you've ever seen that TikTok.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, DarkSakura and myself are members of the LGBTQIA family, as we've been very open about here on the show.
[SPEAKER_05]: But Loki is, I don't know if you've ever seen that girl in the TikTok video that goes, ally.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's Loki.
[SPEAKER_05]: He's the ally.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: and uh I can't remember her name somebody's got to know that TikTok I'm talking about because it's infamous but anyway Loki's being a good ally tonight and uh I believe that's Robot Unicorn Attack playing behind you tonight isn't it oh it's the second game oh did they still use the same Erasure song or did they like I think they had the Erasure song in there a remix of the Erasure song and then like other songs it wasn't just the Erasure song
[SPEAKER_05]: I see, I see, now that makes a lot of sense is that you would more songs and more things so that's great, so awesome and the break man in our chat the whole soundtrack really should just be Erasure songs I
[SPEAKER_05]: I do agree.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_05]: I played that once.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't remember what the other bands were, but I'm sure there's just as lovely songs.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I do love Erasure.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a great catalog, especially when they covered ABBA songs.
[SPEAKER_05]: I wanted to go, because I was going to read a comment from TheBreakMan over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, again, where we tape live on Sunday nights.
[SPEAKER_05]: TheBreakMan says, this is only the second Pride month I will actually be celebrating the
[SPEAKER_05]: The Closet is a terrible place.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm trying to figure out what I want to wear to the big festival.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, you know what?
[SPEAKER_05]: Then an extra special break, man.
[SPEAKER_05]: Happy Pride to you.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, I know there's a lot of people out there that go, why do we need a Pride month?
[SPEAKER_05]: Win straight Pride.
[SPEAKER_05]: You guys have heard it all.
[SPEAKER_05]: And...
[SPEAKER_05]: The fact that you even have to ask that question is why we need a Pride Month.
[SPEAKER_05]: And just the fact that you are free to be yourself now and you are yourself without apology and the true to what you know you are and living out and loud and proud, that is what it's all about.
[SPEAKER_05]: And so congratulations to you and all that.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, PodCulture, I love that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I get some fun looks from neighbors since my ally flag is up outside.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, good job, PodCulture.
[SPEAKER_05]: You are also free to call yourself ally.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, love that.
[SPEAKER_05]: And DarkSakura, for Pride Month, you put some merch in your own shop for your ace fam, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: I did.
[SPEAKER_02]: I literally just did it today.
[SPEAKER_02]: It says asexual icon.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, I mean, people can message me if they want it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not going to put it, like, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm proud of it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, no, it's awesome.
[SPEAKER_05]: The Breakman says, the closet is a lonely place.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't want kids to go through what I went through.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_05]: But because the world is small, I actually have, and I don't want to call anybody out or anything, so I'm not going to name specific names, but I have a friend of a friend who actually used to listen to this show back in the day.
[SPEAKER_05]: And we are fortunate enough that we've been on the air.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: The patterns of people's lives change.
[SPEAKER_05]: The things you have space for to listen to and do throughout the week, that changes.
[SPEAKER_05]: So all good.
[SPEAKER_05]: So this is a former listener of the show that used to listen years ago when we were first starting.
[SPEAKER_05]: Around the time, you might remember, through the first couple years we did this show, I wasn't exactly out on the show.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, it wasn't really a secret, but I wasn't out and proud.
[SPEAKER_05]: And when I did that, I found that there were people that were listening to this show that would actually email me
[SPEAKER_05]: and say, hey, and this is honestly one of the biggest compliments I could possibly receive.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, hey, hearing you kind of helped me accept who I am because I found out that gay guys aren't just in one type of stereotype, like a Will and I almost said Will and Grace, but Grace wasn't there.
[SPEAKER_05]: Wasn't the LGBT one.
[SPEAKER_05]: Will and Jack on TV.
[SPEAKER_05]: It wasn't one particular archetype that we had in the 90s.
[SPEAKER_05]: You were a gay nerd.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I was allowed to see that.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's always very humbling and is always big for me as well.
[SPEAKER_05]: So what I'm getting to is that this was one of those individuals that actually had sent an email like that to me some time ago.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it was really lovely to make that connection in person and really feel like...
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_05]: On that note, happy Pride Month.
[SPEAKER_05]: And to all of you, whether you're celebrating as an ally or you're celebrating because you're newly kicking down the closet door or you've been working it outside the closet loud and proud for years and years, I hope you have a fantastic month and are able to find the love in the community and not just the Rainbow Corporation sponsorships.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: This is the Naughty 3 week.
[SPEAKER_05]: And maybe I want to spell that N-A-U-G-H-T-Y.
[SPEAKER_05]: Naughty 3.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was going to say that totally fits.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, it kind of went Naughty 3.
[SPEAKER_05]: You got canceled.
[SPEAKER_05]: You've been naughty.
[SPEAKER_05]: So this is Naughty 3 week coming up on the horizon.
[SPEAKER_05]: So of course you have a lot of companies that are saving their news for this week.
[SPEAKER_05]: So we're kind of – and there were some big things that happened last week while we were out.
[SPEAKER_05]: So just kind of a heads up.
[SPEAKER_05]: We're going to cover –
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: This is something, you know, decades in the making.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, yeah, this is wild to me.
[SPEAKER_07]: All it takes is being put under the poor leadership of certain individuals and then all of a sudden it becomes an affordable fire sale as far as acquisition goes.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, so Atari acquired Intellivision.
[SPEAKER_07]: Which, not surprising, Intellivision is a shell of what it used to be in the first place And, I mean, I'm surprised that they haven't gone under But yeah, Atari announced that they had acquired the brand So I'm assuming that we're going to see some, you know, collections of some of those games coming back again I...
[SPEAKER_07]: don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: They said the Amico will remain with its parent company currently Intellivision Entertainment but both the company and the hardware will be renamed to remove the Intellivision branding.
[SPEAKER_07]: So they've sold off the license for Intellivision or I guess the actual thing but now the Amico is going to be
[SPEAKER_07]: Just cancel it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, it's just, it's not coming.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, it really isn't at this point.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, and Bobby says this in chat, and yes, you know, to be clear, Bobby says, Atari only acquired the brand in some of the games.
[SPEAKER_05]: They didn't acquire the company.
[SPEAKER_05]: I get that, but I'm still okay, and I realize there's technicalities here.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm still okay with us saying Atari basically buys Intellivision because you know what?
[SPEAKER_05]: Atari bought their soul.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's the brand and all that.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's the soul of Intellivision right there.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, Intellivision-
[SPEAKER_05]: had to sell what was left and yes Intellivision as a company still exists because that's what's going to ultimately make the Amico using Atari's check to I guess make the Amico happen at this point I don't know I still feel like maybe the next shirt that DarkSakura can put in her store is Tommy Tallarico owes me a hundred bucks because I don't feel like we're ever going to see the actual Amico but
[SPEAKER_02]: I can make that happen.
[SPEAKER_07]: What is it going to even have at this point if they don't have the Intellivision license anymore?
[SPEAKER_07]: What's going to even be on that console?
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's going to develop for a console that's been supposedly coming out since 2018?
[SPEAKER_05]: and here's the thing and I want to be very very clear too is that I do because I don't want to like shit on Tommy Tallarico and he's he is he has removed himself from the gaming industry at this point to focus on family which is fine so I don't want to keep making him the main character at this point and I do want to stay I believe he had good intentions now good intentions isn't worth a dime but I believe he had good intentions but was very foolish and
[SPEAKER_05]: and a little bit eccentric and a bit naive in some of the deals that were made to get here but I don't think Tommy Tallarico went into this you know as much as I joke about that t-shirt I don't think Tommy went into this wanting to steal money from people I think he really did have a vision he just was foolish in how he thought he could get there and now we're in this situation
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it was a lot of mismanagement that was going on that I think led to the failure of the Amico and a lot of lying.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because honestly, sure, you can have good intentions, but when you start misrepresenting how far along you are in production to essentially fraud your investors so that you get more investment money, I'm sorry, I don't feel all that bad for them.
[SPEAKER_07]: um but yeah it's so they're gonna have the rights to essentially uh to 200 games for the Intellivision uh they're going to be able to use the Intellivision name the as far as the Amica goes they're going to still have the ability to uh remaster or remake Intellivision games but
[SPEAKER_05]: which I believe they had already sold the rights to Astro Smash and Shark Shark because that kind of had to be in there too is that other people own those IPs now or at least moving forward.
[SPEAKER_05]: It gets a little spaghetti for me but I believe they can release the classic ones but the rights to do new ones are with these new companies now.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'd be curious to see what they're going to do with this but I'm sure whatever they do with it is better than whatever Tommy and friends were going to be doing with
[SPEAKER_07]: The IP in the first place.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: But still, I mean, those were the two big ones, you know.
[SPEAKER_05]: My Coleco's kind of up there, too.
[SPEAKER_05]: But, you know, those were the big, big ones where I think, you know, it feels like that, I think, to gamers of a certain age, where it's like, wow, this is like Nintendo buying Sega.
[SPEAKER_05]: Or, okay, Nintendo buying the rights to Sonic the Hedgehog so that Sega can make a new, you know...
[SPEAKER_07]: Nomad or whatever like this is I mean it's funny though because like actually at a time when Sega was kind of doing poorly you know they're kind of on a rebound now but before like
[SPEAKER_07]: We kind of thought that that might happen because there is this big craze to like acquire a bunch of companies and you had Xbox, of course, making their Bethesda purchases and all those other smaller studios.
[SPEAKER_07]: You had Sony acquiring Bungie and we're like, you know,
[SPEAKER_07]: Man, is Sega going to get bought up next?
[SPEAKER_07]: Because they were kind of in a tight spot where like, well, you know, the most logical person to do that or company would probably be Nintendo because they've been publishing a lot of games on the Nintendo platforms.
[SPEAKER_07]: That never happened, but like
[SPEAKER_07]: It's certainly what seemed plausible at one point.
[SPEAKER_07]: And who knows?
[SPEAKER_07]: Who knows what the future's going to hold?
[SPEAKER_07]: But I think right now, though, they're in a much better spot, at least, as far as stuff coming out.
[SPEAKER_07]: They've got popular IPs.
[SPEAKER_07]: They've got a popular movie franchise now and TV franchise.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think they're sitting pretty good.
[SPEAKER_05]: I want to say too with this Intellivision and Atari thing, as much as we're poking fun and having these little jokes and things, I actually think overall this is a great thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: As much as we don't always love the news of big companies buying other big companies, let's be real.
[SPEAKER_05]: Neither Atari or Intellivision are big companies anymore.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're not what they were in the 80s.
[SPEAKER_05]: They've scaled back a lot.
[SPEAKER_05]: Atari's been slowly building its portfolio through these acquisitions.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I think as far as gaming preservation goes, Atari has been really leaning into that and I'm hoping that they can actually carry...
[SPEAKER_05]: The Intellivision licenses that they've acquired into something really cool for gaming history and that foundation that I don't think the Amico was going to be able to do.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think the Amico was trying to rest on an IP that was really losing... I'm sorry, a variety of IPs that was really losing its...
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: but I think as far as game preservation and educating the children about the archives which is something that Atari can do very well through Digital Eclipse and through Atari Age and some of the things they bought online I am actually really excited for what Intellivision
[SPEAKER_05]: libraries can look like now moving forward.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, we joke a lot on this show about Atari getting you to buy Yars Revenge for the thousandth time.
[SPEAKER_05]: I actually really look forward to what they can do with that with the Intellivision stuff because people don't know Astro Smash and Shark Shark and a lot of the Intellivision IPs anymore.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, sure, we do.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, some of us that have been gaming nerds for years and years, most people don't.
[SPEAKER_05]: But this
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_05]: I do and I don't agree.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think when you talk about people of a certain age, it's the people that have the money to spend on stupid shit like mock arcade cabinets for their home.
[SPEAKER_05]: And for those on the podcast, I'm pointing at one of the arcade cabinets behind me here that you see on my camera.
[SPEAKER_05]: The people that want to...
[SPEAKER_05]: and visit retro gaming are people of a certain age that are now, you know, oftentimes the parents and hell, even grandparents, you know, in this day and age, depending on how old they were when this stuff came out of children that they might want to sit there and play games with.
[SPEAKER_05]: And so I think there's a lot of value in that for sure.
[SPEAKER_05]: but yeah I would hope to hell that there is an Intellivision 50 just like there was an Atari 50 I mean obviously it wouldn't be called that but I would love to see a rock solid Intellivision collection or a few come out of this you know Digital Eclipse has that Gold Master series which is really cool I hope they've already started work on something related to Intellivision because I think it could be fascinating so we'll see what comes of it that could be cool alright
[SPEAKER_05]: From classic games to modern games.
[SPEAKER_05]: So let's also here at the top of the show talk about one of the big headlines from the last seven days, which is Sony's kind of state of play.
[SPEAKER_05]: Surprise, not E3.
[SPEAKER_05]: Because I was assuming.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's not a surprise.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, I was assuming they were going to wait until August at this point.
[SPEAKER_05]: And when I say surprise, I mean they announced it at 24 hours notice.
[SPEAKER_05]: They tried to do the Nintendo thing, right?
[SPEAKER_05]: So it's like, oh, okay, we're getting a Sony state of play.
[SPEAKER_05]: Cool, here we go.
[SPEAKER_05]: So what happened at Sony's state of play?
[SPEAKER_07]: They showed off a lot of games and it was alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: There wasn't anything super exciting, I feel.
[SPEAKER_07]: There was some stuff that was pretty cool looking.
[SPEAKER_07]: So let's start off.
[SPEAKER_07]: One of the big things that they showed off was Concord, which is kind of this online FPS...
[SPEAKER_07]: It kind of looks a little bit like an Overwatch-type game.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it's 5v5, if I remember, unless I'm getting my games confused here.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think that was Concord.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, it looked very Overwatch-y.
[SPEAKER_07]: A hero-based shooter, FPS...
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, it's supposed to be coming out in August.
[SPEAKER_05]: Everybody's trying to stick an arrow into the knee of Blizzard because they see that Overwatch is weak right now.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I know it's interesting because I know people say, well, Overwatch is hot.
[SPEAKER_05]: So people are making, I'm like, Overwatch has been out for like 10 years.
[SPEAKER_05]: Where was Overwatch 1?
[SPEAKER_05]: I feel like it's been a while.
[SPEAKER_05]: Overwatch 1's been out a while.
[SPEAKER_05]: Overwatch 2's been out for like, what, two years?
[SPEAKER_05]: Here's the difference.
[SPEAKER_05]: Overwatch 2 has a weak point.
[SPEAKER_05]: and that is that it's not Overwatch 1 and that is been rubbing a lot of people the wrong way including my husband is one of them he used to play Overwatch 1 a lot he doesn't care for 2 at all um
[SPEAKER_05]: I've played a little bit of Overwatch too.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's one of those things that I don't play it by myself, but if my friend asks me to hop on and play some games together, sure, I'll play it.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's one of those things where I only play it because I have friends that play it.
[SPEAKER_05]: But otherwise, I was one of those people that was extremely disappointed that they teased a PvE mode that never happened.
[SPEAKER_05]: That would have been something that could have gotten me more interested in it.
[SPEAKER_05]: But now, yeah, it feels like everyone's making some type of Overwatch between this, between the Marvel game.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it's like...
[SPEAKER_05]: Spider-Man Skin
[SPEAKER_07]: whoopity shit you know like who cares um and then what else uh new Until Dawn that's kind of exciting so um I don't think I think it looks like I don't know if it's like just a new game being called the same thing or if it's a remake of the original since I never really played the original but uh coming to the PlayStation 5 and PC um looks pretty cool
[SPEAKER_07]: and then what else so kind of going back here let's see we had announcements more PC announcements God of War Ragnarok coming to PC on September 19th we have some stuff for PlayStation VR 2 so Alien Rogue Incursion which kind of looks awesome we also had Skydance Behemoth
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't remember what that game was.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know if it's been shown off before.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it looked cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: FPS sword fighting.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it looks cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then speaking of sword fighting, at least the title I recognize, we had... What was it?
[SPEAKER_07]: Dynasty Warriors Origins.
[SPEAKER_07]: Man, talk about that game coming a long way.
[SPEAKER_07]: I remember when they looked super cheap.
[SPEAKER_07]: But now it's...
[SPEAKER_07]: really polished looking so hopefully that's going to be as polished or better polished than some of the other Dynasty Warrior games that have come out in the past because they kind of cut a little bit of the corners there but it looks cool uh what else uh Infinity Nikki so it's a game that is like um anime looking settings cat cannons who doesn't like shooting cats out of cannons they don't get hurt so
[SPEAKER_07]: That's good.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ballad of Antara.
[SPEAKER_07]: And lots of... It was funny.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's a lot of games that they were showing off that seemed very Souls-like.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I wonder if that's going to be something that we're going to be seeing a lot more on PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm so tired of the Souls-like already, and I'm sure a lot of us are.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like...
[SPEAKER_05]: but I get they sell well that's a me personally statement but that hasn't stopped a lot of them from doing very well I need my souls like to have a Bobby Blackwolf mode that's all we had Path of Exile 2 coming to Playstation 5 this year as well that's pretty cool for the record I like Path of Exile
[SPEAKER_07]: It's going to be late 2024 is when that's coming to PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_07]: We got some more footage of Silent Hill 2.
[SPEAKER_07]: And of course, there was also that separate Silent Hill transmission that they showed off even more stuff for that.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's coming October 8th.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'll check that out.
[SPEAKER_05]: A lot of people are kind of commenting on some of the way the character models look now is a little bit different for some of the characters.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm willing to give it a shot.
[SPEAKER_05]: I thought the trailer was interesting.
[SPEAKER_05]: I...
[SPEAKER_05]: The voice acting is obviously all new because all the character models are new and all that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't think it's going to go the way of the Silent Hill HD collection, especially what was in that trailer.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm kind of looking at it as like it is just a new retelling of this story.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's kind of like...
[SPEAKER_05]: you know you go to see Mamma Mia on Broadway and then you go to see Mamma Mia at your local community theater and it's going to be two different tellings of the same story right it's it's going to be it's going to be interesting the Silent Hill 2 uh redo so um we'll see we'll see I'm into it though I want to play it yeah um we got a trailer for Where Wind Meets or Where Winds Meet it very um
[SPEAKER_07]: It gave me Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon vibes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Lots of martial arts.
[SPEAKER_07]: Obviously, being this kind of a CG trailer with very little gameplay in there, it's hard to tell what this game's actually going to look like, but it looks cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: Monster Hunter Wild's got another trailer.
[SPEAKER_07]: Looks cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: and then what's kind of cute and we'll have to see what ends up happening at this because the other games have been free Astro Bot has its own game now so Astro is the little cute robot kind of mascot for the PlayStation that's been around since like PlayStation 3 and I know like when my kids were little played a ton of some of Astro's playroom stuff but now it's like now you're charging for a game so maybe I mean it looks kind of neat but it's certainly you know
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it's certainly a very Sony-focused game, and, you know, it looks like they're kind of... They got a lot of cool...
[SPEAKER_05]: you know tie-ins with some of the different Sony properties and it looks fun yeah I feel like Astro Bot was the thing it got my attention for sure because I wasn't able to watch this live because I had you know commitments in my day job so I had to kind of get the play-by-play after that fact and this was the thing that made me go oh interesting that's pretty cool that they're actually doing that and it seemed to be the thing that was getting a lot of positive buzz on social media at least in my circles as well it seemed to be the thing that people were most positively responding to as well and
[SPEAKER_05]: And what's interesting, SSJ100 Matt in our chat says, Sackboy died for Astro Bot to live.
[SPEAKER_05]: Kind of, because I feel like part of the reason why people are really responding positively to this is that Sony kind of needs something cute.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: but I feel like more people were talking about Astro Bot maybe because it was free but more people seemed to be into what Astro Bot was putting out there than Sackboy so now Astro Bot, kind of like you pointed out is a $70 premium title, assumably so we'll see how it performs but I think Sony needs something like this in their back pocket because yes, they have a lot of great first party license Horizon
[SPEAKER_05]: God of War, Last of Us but they don't have a lot of cutesy things that get the family eye like Nintendo does let's be real so I think this is something that's very important for them to have because yes those family friendly games are important when you're trying to convince you know
[SPEAKER_05]: A dad or a mom who plays games, you know, primarily on the console, like, oh, I could get one of these because then my kid could play this one too.
[SPEAKER_05]: And now it's, you know, something for the whole family.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, I think you need games like this in order to sell more consoles like the PlayStation 5 needs to do.
[SPEAKER_05]: Was Astro Bot a PlayStation 5 exclusive?
[SPEAKER_07]: I think so.
[SPEAKER_07]: At least right now.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, and actually if it does the controller shit the free one did, it'll have to be.
[SPEAKER_05]: That'll be key as well because that ties into what came up on the show two weeks ago before we took a break was that there isn't a lot of compelling PlayStation 5 exclusive stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: So...
[SPEAKER_05]: Bobby Blackwolf in chat points out and reminds us sadly that's right, Medium Molecule is now gone because Dreams unfortunately didn't make, I mean it was a fine product but the sales have to be there and unfortunately they weren't.
[SPEAKER_05]: So Medium Molecule is now not there anymore so they couldn't really get them to make a new LittleBigPlanet game even if they wanted to.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, and Astro Bot leans into the PlayStation fan service and that's why people liked it.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I think that's why people like a lot of Nintendo stuff too.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think that's a really good page.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, I'm not saying they copied it from Nintendo, but I think when you look at some of the things that Nintendo does well, it's leaning into a lot of the retro type of stuff and the history and the, you know, like...
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, I would still, like, funny enough, I would totally dig another PlayStation All-Stars game.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think a lot of people would I thought that was an interesting concept with like mixing like especially the stages like kind of like combining two different properties that didn't really fit together like together I thought was pretty cool but yeah we'll see great
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, well, there's your state of play from Sony.
[SPEAKER_05]: I would say, though, overall, like, again, it's weird having to look through it through a different lens.
[SPEAKER_05]: Because if this was two years ago, and this was an E3 type of presentation, I would have been like, yikes, that was not enough.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, Astro Bot looks good, but otherwise that was not it, Sony.
[SPEAKER_05]: But that's not exactly fair to use that same lens now because the game has changed with just where the industry is at now versus where the industry was at before the pandemic.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I fully expect that Sony will probably do another one of these that focuses maybe a little more on third parties because I made myself laugh because I was like, oh, I kind of thought they would reveal the PC date for Final Fantasy XVI.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then I was like,
[SPEAKER_05]: Wait a minute, stupid.
[SPEAKER_05]: Wrong company.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, it's not Sony's thing to announce at that point.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's a Square Enix thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: Maybe we'll get that in the next couple weeks.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, Sony might do something else later on or whatever.
[SPEAKER_05]: But, yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, so, you can't really hold it to the same level even against whatever Microsoft's going to do this coming weekend.
[SPEAKER_07]: So... Yeah, I mean, I still think that there's going to be another... Obviously, there's going to be more State of Plays.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because there's still...
[SPEAKER_07]: I think they've still kept it under wraps, but we know that there's going to be a PlayStation 5 redesign coming.
[SPEAKER_07]: And they're going to have something that they're going to want to push with that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because otherwise, it's like, well, what's the point?
[SPEAKER_07]: So I would imagine around Gamescom is probably when we're going to see that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because they do usually a pretty big presentation then.
[SPEAKER_05]: 3rd Party Reveals
[SPEAKER_05]: It wasn't a main stage, though.
[SPEAKER_05]: They shoved it into kind of a B-roll package while they were... I believe... I'm really having to think back.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think that was the year they were shoving people from room to room.
[SPEAKER_05]: Do you remember that weird year that Sony did in E3?
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, the one that was at Santa Monica?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I think, no, it was like, they started in the Last of Us room, and then they went to the Spider-Man room.
[SPEAKER_07]: They had, like, musician playing stuff, and I was like, what the hell is this?
[SPEAKER_05]: It was a very high-concept kind of thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, they're moving from tent to tent.
[SPEAKER_05]: But there was a reveal trailer that was, I'm trying to see if anyone in chat might remember, there was a reveal trailer that year shoved into one of the B-roll packages while the press was moving from one of the tents that I believe is one of the best reveals of all time.
[SPEAKER_05]: You ready?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Tetris Effect.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was one of the best E3 trailers of all time.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think the only thing wrong with that reveal was that it was like a B-roll.
[SPEAKER_05]: Because that had every right to be like a big reveal.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think that was a compelling...
[SPEAKER_07]: PlayStation VR game too which Sony needs something like that for PlayStation VR too I mean like even still like with like the Aliens game and some of the other stuff they've shown like there's nothing that is making me like I gotta go I have to have this like there is literally nothing and and I feel that this this it's just never gonna stick yeah it's just gonna end up being like a Vita or something like that where it's like now they have some games on it
[SPEAKER_05]: If Sony does a Gamescom event or an August event or whatever that's a little more third party and they show that Mizuguchi's made a VR2 game, done.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm buying it.
[SPEAKER_05]: I am a fanboy of his.
[SPEAKER_05]: There's just no way around it.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's weird that I still haven't played Humanity and I'll be the first one to express it.
[SPEAKER_05]: It just came out on Xbox.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know if you know, but Humanity just came out on Xbox finally too.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was going to say...
[SPEAKER_07]: C of Eden needs a remake as well as the whole Rez Infinite thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: We need to have that fleshed out.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, where's Rez 2, dammit?
[SPEAKER_05]: Because Area X was very much the Rez 2 proof of concept.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, now it's super old.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, they wouldn't do it through Unity anymore.
[SPEAKER_05]: How about Child of Eden then?
[SPEAKER_05]: Actually, I'm all for giving Child of Eden a second shot.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's give Child of Eden a second shot.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, Child of Eden was awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just wish that got a more modern game now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, anyway, enough about reminiscing.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's get to our gaming weeks and reminisce the types of games we've been playing over the last, I suppose, two weeks, if we will.
[SPEAKER_05]: How was your gaming weeks?
[SPEAKER_05]: We'll start with DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was pretty much the usual.
[SPEAKER_02]: I started Baldur's Gate 3 again, but this time I got it to work on stream because I'm playing it through GeForce.
[SPEAKER_02]: I saw you streaming it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I haven't had a lot of problems running anything through GeForce.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's been really great.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I did play some Avatar.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played, of course, some Dead by Daylight or really enjoying the Chaos Shuffle and gonna enjoy the last bits of it tonight later.
[SPEAKER_02]: And...
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm playing a Dracula X Nocturne in the Moonlight as we had a Symphony of the Night.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm playing the Japanese version with an English translation, a pretty literal one at that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I also, just to throw this out there, I was watching a charity tournament for Dead by Daylight hosted by Blabarella and King Bay.
[SPEAKER_02]: raising money for charity and it was like a turn-a-meme
[SPEAKER_02]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_02]: and our mutual friend Nick for also raising a significant amount of money for charity with a marathon last week.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I was out of town when he was doing all that so I didn't see any of it but he was live for something like 96 hours.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: He's like, this is it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And just put up the plastic duck simulator and let it, quote, babysit us.
[SPEAKER_02]: But of course, you know, Isoco, when it brought in some League of Legends, there was a lot of Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played some.
[SPEAKER_02]: I participated a little bit.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: People would be stinky, but it was still fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I just want to say I'm really enjoying seeing people use gaming for good, and we need more of that in this world.
[SPEAKER_02]: Although, I cannot...
[SPEAKER_02]: I barely can do my 12 hour marathons when I do them.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know how I made a 24-hour one.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it was through pure stubbornness and spite.
[SPEAKER_02]: But just good on them for being able to do such a good job.
[SPEAKER_02]: Even in the light of technical issues like Blabarella and Bay had today, they still made a quick switch and made it work.
[SPEAKER_05]: You always have to have a plan B or what to do and it all falls apart.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, congrats to them and again everyone who did everything and to Nick as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: I got to see an epic Twins game by Nick tonight, by the way.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was really good.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'll leave that for later.
[SPEAKER_05]: Is Vecna out on Tuesday?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, Tuesday.
[SPEAKER_02]: They were doing some giveaways during the tournament as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't win any of them.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, we're getting the D&D DVD release.
[SPEAKER_02]: or how was it that Blabarello was saying it?
[SPEAKER_02]: The D&D DBD DLC.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think that's going to be a nice kick in the butt for the game because I think it's really adding some new mechanics.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think you're going to be really interesting for people.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I'm looking forward to that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they're fixing all those problems people were having with Vecna being just way too easy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or more like playing against him being way too easy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, but yeah, that's... Oh, and I started playing that stupid RuPaul's Drag Race Superstar game on my iPhone, and I already hate myself for it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I also like... I don't know what it is, but I like dress-up games.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hey, look, they're popular to this day for a reason.
[SPEAKER_05]: and now I kind of want to like start like one of those makeover games I'm just like oh my god what's wrong with me now I don't want to do this for myself but I'll do it for virtual people that's that's the 24-hour stream you should do next playing um you know wow dress up I'm a fashion model type of thing on uh Nintendo Switch or something uh well it'll have to all be on my computer so that's fair all right uh well let's go over to Loki how was your gaming weeks
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, well, I didn't play a ton.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think I played a bit more.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm trying to think because it's been a long time.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm almost finished with Turbo Kid, so I'm just about done with that now.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm trying to, like, kind of, not 100% the game, but, like, get close to 100%ing the game.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, basically, I got to a point in there, it's like, okay, once you get past this point, they're going back, so you better finish up anything you need to do.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was like, alright, I hear ya.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, so I played a little bit of that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mostly have played Minecraft, so I've been designing my theme park entrance, which is done being designed now.
[SPEAKER_07]: However, I've been helping a server mate dig an extremely large area of our map so that he can make his extremely large base.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, been working on that for like a few days now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, caught MCC, uh...
[SPEAKER_07]: MCC Pride 24 so we they just did that tournament yesterday and that was pretty cool what else oh well I think it was actually in the last two weeks we ended up on some tier lists
[SPEAKER_07]: S.T.E.A.R.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's like S tier.
[SPEAKER_07]: Congrats.
[SPEAKER_07]: If anybody hasn't watched some of my fellow Channel 64 members, and you like Minecraft, maybe go check them out because we all do things a little bit differently, but we all do it really well.
[SPEAKER_07]: Go check those out.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, well congrats on that.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's nice when someone notices you.
[SPEAKER_05]: Even if it's somebody that's also working their way up as a content creator.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's nice to be noticed, that's for sure.
[SPEAKER_05]: My gaming weeks.
[SPEAKER_05]: Honestly, when it comes to the games I've been playing, I've been playing a lot of games, but it's games I've talked about on the show before.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm still really into the Warcraft Pandaria Remix.
[SPEAKER_05]: I love how fucking stupid overpowered your characters get.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm playing Heroic Dungeons where I basically...
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: but in an environment that you're a little more familiar with if you left WoW during Mists of Pandaria like I did so I think it's brilliant what Blizzard did with this and I hope they continue it to be honest for other expansions in the future just not be afraid to do other silly modes like this I didn't care for the last mode they did a lot the Plunderstorm which was their Fortnite type mode but I love that it happened it was something different and something really unique I at least tried it if nothing else um
[SPEAKER_05]: of course I'm still playing Final Fantasy XIV because I always do and that expansion is only like three weeks away I even played a little bit of Dead by Daylight DarkSakura be proud of me I played just a little bit because yeah I like the chaos shuffle thing too they need to do that more often when we have downtime
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, I have to say, I got to learn perks that I never knew existed.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I mean, I knew they existed, but I never really gave the time of day.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm...
[SPEAKER_02]: I had a lot of fun with it.
[SPEAKER_02]: A lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, the number one perk, pun intended, about Chaos Shuffle is that people can't bring sweaty builds.
[SPEAKER_05]: It forces people to play the game with whatever cards they're dealt.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I think that's really, really neat.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I think they should bring this back regularly when there's not other events or other things going on.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, I understand we got a new killer on Tuesday and I think the 8th anniversary event's around the corner.
[SPEAKER_05]: So they're probably not... On the 13th.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh wow, that's so soon.
[SPEAKER_05]: So yeah, it'll be good.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, but here's what I actually really want to talk about.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I mentioned I was in Chicago last weekend and I was mostly doing Ingress.
[SPEAKER_05]: That was a lot of fun and all that.
[SPEAKER_05]: But this weekend I traveled as well.
[SPEAKER_05]: I didn't go quite as far.
[SPEAKER_05]: I went to San Francisco, which is kind of a day trip, although we made it an overnight trip.
[SPEAKER_05]: I went with Alan and one of our mutual or one of our friends.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: and I see in particular the San Francisco Symphony doing this a lot.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're doing the Final Fantasy.
[SPEAKER_05]: They were advertising a Coco, the movie from Disney, a Coco night where they were going to play that live and I saw them do it with other big movies.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think John Legend is coming there to do it.
[SPEAKER_05]: So they're doing more contemporary stuff with the symphony to get...
[SPEAKER_05]: and more diverse age groups interested in it.
[SPEAKER_05]: And Final Fantasy is a huge draw.
[SPEAKER_05]: That place was very full.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't think it was sold out, but the orchestra level stuff was definitely full and, you know, only a few seats visible in the first and second balcony.
[SPEAKER_05]: So they play, you know, a variety of songs and obviously they have 16 games to go through.
[SPEAKER_05]: And so you hear some songs from some, not from others, but you sort of go and think, okay, I'm going to hear this song, this song.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: But last night they were pulling out these songs.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was like, oh, that's a deep cut.
[SPEAKER_05]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_05]: So like we got to hear, I didn't even know this is the rotation.
[SPEAKER_05]: We got to hear the Phantom Forest and the Velt from Final Fantasy VI.
[SPEAKER_05]: as a live symphony doing that.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that's just, I just, you know, those are great songs.
[SPEAKER_05]: I just wouldn't have thought like, oh, I can only pick, you know, 15 songs to do.
[SPEAKER_05]: I would not think that those are the ones they pick.
[SPEAKER_05]: They did Jesse's theme from Final Fantasy VII Remake.
[SPEAKER_05]: Which, you know, again, of all the songs to do from that, I was really pleasantly surprised they did that.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they said this was the only time that they were going to do it in 2024.
[SPEAKER_05]: They did the opera from Final Fantasy VI with guest singers.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was, like, I will fully admit, I was moved to tears.
[SPEAKER_05]: I cried.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was so powerful.
[SPEAKER_05]: So well done.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I saw them do the opera at More Friends years ago.
[SPEAKER_05]: This was like the second show they ever did.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: When, um, what's the guy's name?
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh my God, I can't remember.
[SPEAKER_05]: Art.
[SPEAKER_05]: What's the guy's name that conducts it?
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh my God, I'm so embarrassed.
[SPEAKER_05]: Somebody in chat's got to know this.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm at a loss for words because I can't remember the guy's name.
[SPEAKER_05]: Artie?
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_05]: He also said, so I guess they're doing a show in Tokyo next week.
[SPEAKER_05]: And he said that at that Tokyo meeting, he's actually meeting with Soken and they are going, thank you, Arnie Roth.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was getting the first name, Arnie Roth.
[SPEAKER_05]: He was saying that they are going to be adding 16 into the rotation next week.
[SPEAKER_05]: So there were no songs from 16 played.
[SPEAKER_05]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: The intro to Final Fantasy VIII, Libri Fatali, that song has to be there every time.
[SPEAKER_05]: To Xanarkand, it has to be there every time, and One Winged Angel from VII.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think those are the songs, because now that I'm piecing it together, every time I've seen this show, those are the songs that are there every time.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, they played Saber's Edge from Final Fantasy XIII.
[SPEAKER_05]: They did not do any XIII last time I was there, so I was very pleased they did XIII.
[SPEAKER_05]: Unfortunately, XII got the shaft this time.
[SPEAKER_05]: They didn't play anything from XII, but there's only so much time, right?
[SPEAKER_05]: They did two songs from XIV.
[SPEAKER_05]: both of them newer they did uh Invincible from Shadowbringers and they did um I don't remember the name of the song but it's the end singer battle song uh from I don't want to be spoilery but I told I had to tell my friend is playing through Final Fantasy 14 right now and when it started and I saw the first frame of the video I was like look away look away don't look at this because it opened with a freaking spoiler of the video and I don't think it was like I
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: They did do Fifteen.
[SPEAKER_05]: They did the Apocalypse Noctis or something like that, it's called, from Fifteen.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, the best song on Fifteen's soundtrack, they did.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I was, like, honestly, like, I was all, like, I felt like I, the only songs I heard both times were those songs I just named a minute ago that they said they had to do at every show.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was very, very, yeah, Apocalypse Noctis, that song is fucking incredible live.
[SPEAKER_05]: and I don't use fucking Incredible and Final Fantasy XV in the same sentence often but there's some damn good music in XV and that's one of the songs for sure so anyway I was very happy I completely walked into that going okay I'm here for my friend I'm gonna see this again I like Final Fantasy but you know I've kind of seen this show before or whatever and then by the time it was over I was like we got to see the opera and it was so good so
[SPEAKER_05]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I'm with you, Breakman.
[SPEAKER_05]: Final Fantasy XV was half a great game.
[SPEAKER_05]: For a game that was in development for 10 years, it was an unfinished vision, but that's because it was really in development for two years.
[SPEAKER_05]: But anyway.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_05]: Enough about our gaming weeks.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's get back into some news and what is going on in the industry.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's get into... I was trying to think, do we have any shows off coming up?
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't think so.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'll be gone for a weekend in July, but that's a ways off.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's like the end of July.
[SPEAKER_07]: I will also be gone in one of the weekends in July.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, I hope it's the same weekend.
[SPEAKER_05]: Is it Comic-Con weekend?
[SPEAKER_05]: July 21st, I think it is?
[SPEAKER_07]: It might be, yes.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I'm not going to Comic-Con, but I am going to San Diego that weekend.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it turns out we're both, I guess, not going to be here.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it works out.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm also going to the coast, just not San Diego.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, there you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't have any San Diego plans until TwitchCon and I still need people to stay with.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think it's so funny that you and Loki are going, are you still going to TwitchCon this year, Loki?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I already got my tickets, my flight's booked, everything's ready to go.
[SPEAKER_05]: We could have had all of us go, but nope, I'm the one that's ruining that.
[SPEAKER_05]: We're taking this year off of TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_05]: I will be in Seattle that same weekend, unfortunately, so bummer.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I hope you all have a great time.
[SPEAKER_05]: Loki, you haven't been before, so it's going to be all new for you.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, she's a vet by now, but Loki, I'm excited to hear your experiences.
[SPEAKER_05]: And DarkSakura will, of course, get to meet all the people I like as well there, so I'm excited to hear about how that goes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Any friends need a roommate for the trip?
[SPEAKER_02]: Let me know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: I technically have a... because my wife's not going, so I technically have a hotel room booked for two, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_05]: Jesus Christ, Bobby Blackwolf might be there too.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's almost humorous that I'm not going at this point, but oh well, I guess it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, let's get into some other news.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'll be at DragonCon, though, again this year.
[SPEAKER_05]: Y'all, I'm really excited for DragonCon this year.
[SPEAKER_05]: And stay tuned until August.
[SPEAKER_05]: We can tell you all about DragonCon this year.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I'm just saying, I'm really, really excited.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, so this is something we've talked about before.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was leaked before, but now it's been confirmed and it's coming out.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, the very first Legend of Zelda LEGO set.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's the Legend of Zelda The Great Deku Tree.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a two-in-one set, so not only do you get to make the, um...
[SPEAKER_07]: The brand new version, which was in Breath of the Wild, but you also get the Ocarina of Time version as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is 2,500 pieces and $300 because it's Lego and that's how they roll.
[SPEAKER_07]: Coming out September 1st of this year.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is damn expensive.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, that's a lot of Legos to step on.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a cool looking set though.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just have no place to put it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_05]: Bobby Blackwell points out, to be fair, you can't have both of them.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's the same pieces that made either one.
[SPEAKER_05]: You have to buy two.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, that's what they do.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's the other Pokemon strategy.
[SPEAKER_05]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_07]: You want it all.
[SPEAKER_07]: You gotta buy more than one.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, okay, Loki, you are the Lego fan.
[SPEAKER_01]: Gotta buy them all.
[SPEAKER_05]: Legomon.
[SPEAKER_05]: Loki, you are kind of the Lego aficionado of the group.
[SPEAKER_05]: Is this something you're probably going to end up buying anyway?
[SPEAKER_05]: Um... Hmm...
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: It'd have to drop down in price and I'd buy it for my son because he's a big Zelda fan.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, that's cool.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's something you guys can do together.
[SPEAKER_07]: He's also a Lego fan, so he'd like both.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's great.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like we've been looking for the Animal Crossing sets, but they don't have them at Target right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're all in the Lego store, so I just haven't bothered to get one yet.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, well, let's talk about... This is a very interesting sort of headline because Sony had to pull an interview with a Sony studio interview.
[SPEAKER_05]: Neil Druckmann from Naughty Dog.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sony pulled an interview that was posted.
[SPEAKER_05]: And, you know, it's...
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_05]: So in this interview, Neil Druckmann said that AI could create nuanced dialogues and characters and that there was a new game that Naughty Dog was developing, but not officially announced, could redefine mainstream perceptions of gaming.
[SPEAKER_05]: And, you know, obviously people have their thoughts on AI right now.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I think, you know, when I think of a narrative driven studio like Naughty Dog and some of the amazing things they've done for AI or not for AI, but
[SPEAKER_05]: Some of the amazing things they've done for gaming.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't like to hear that they're getting close to AI in a story or writing, especially create nuanced dialogues and characters.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't like to hear that at all.
[SPEAKER_05]: I understand AI as a tool that is going to be inevitable for
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_05]: So it was this dialogue that he said, you know, something that AI generated because, you know, it's the writing and everything.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, so he says, some of my words, context, and intent were unfortunately lost, and here's the full rambling text.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then some other folks, namely the journalist Stephen Toledo, went onto Twitter and said, hey, here's a comparison.
[SPEAKER_05]: Here's the stuff that's in bold.
[SPEAKER_05]: That was not that like they cut out and like was not even in the original thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they cut this line not because games need to be movies or because they need to be TV shows.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that's a little bit of, you know, God, you look at the last section of the interview and it's completely like they added stuff into it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, Sony removed the interview from the site and then they left.
[SPEAKER_05]: So what they did, they deleted the interview, but they put up a new page that said it had an apology that said in re-reviewing our recent interview with Naughty Dog's Neil Druckmann, we have found several significant errors and inaccuracies that don't represent his perspective and values, including topics such as animation, writing, technology, AI, and future projects.
[SPEAKER_05]: So basically all the things that people were upset about were things that he didn't say anyway.
[SPEAKER_05]: And so it just looks stupid.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I would imagine that a lot of these things, and this is very typical...
[SPEAKER_05]: They go through like an internal communications and branding check, probably because this is posted externally.
[SPEAKER_05]: It goes through some sort of marketing check and it goes through all these different types of departments and things that wanted to put in their own, you know, and kind of, yeah, because there's certain things that maybe Sony, whatever, is trying to push right now.
[SPEAKER_05]: So they change things.
[SPEAKER_05]: and I think it's a really fascinating insight because again, he was being very nice, Neil was, because it was a Sony to Sony situation.
[SPEAKER_05]: But you know what?
[SPEAKER_05]: This is fucking happening everywhere.
[SPEAKER_05]: and it's not just company to company this is why a lot of times people get really weird things taken out of context and it kind of sucks so it's it's great that Neil held on to the original interview was able to you know he probably had a recording I'm sure the whole uh thing was recorded and he probably went back to the transcription um but it's just it's just wild so anyway um
[SPEAKER_05]: yeah Bobby Blackwolf in chat says sadly because game developers are now so wary about speaking to the press or the public this is the only way that we can hear from devs yeah well and it's no wonder why they're wary in speaking and now many of you in chat joked AI was probably used to edit the interview I mean maybe we can't prove that but I bet that's happening elsewhere I bet that's happening in the industry somewhere anyway
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, at any rate, IGN has made some purchases and started some layoffs.
[SPEAKER_02]: They've acquired Eurogamer, Rock Paper Shotgun, VG247, and also GameIndustry.biz.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dicebreaker they're basically it's all under mashable PC mag the one listed that even though it's a part of the gamer network is still privately owned VGC gamer network
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: including the GameIndustry.biz Managing Editor, Brendan Sinclair, a veteran of VG247, Stephanie Minnelli-Jackson, and Rock Paper Shotgun Deputy Editor, Alice Bell.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: More bullshit.
[SPEAKER_05]: Don't like it.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't like it at all.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't like any of it.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't like it either, but I'm so worried about the journalism future because so many boardrooms feel that AI is going to be able to do a journalist job and it is going to backfire spectacularly.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that's when we collect the money.
[SPEAKER_05]: Right?
[SPEAKER_02]: I will say this, that the moment I would...
[SPEAKER_02]: if I were a company I mean with as much as they want to save money with AI if they really want to cover their asses they're going to avoid having AI do that kind of legwork because it can't imitate human judgment and
[SPEAKER_02]: It doesn't have that... I mean, and this is the thing, too, is that when we're going into... There are going to be a lot more cases like what happened with Sony, even though there allegedly isn't any AI involved in that one.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're going to start seeing more companies dragged over this.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they act like it's easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'd like to see...
[SPEAKER_02]: I would like to see journalistic integrity held to a higher standard instead of just giving us recycled sensationalism.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because at that point, if they're going to start using AI for that, they may as well start calling it a tabloid.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, they're just going to use AI for the guides because that's what they're pushing now, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Kotaku says, hey, we make guides now.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're game facts.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's going to backfire because, you know, AI is definitely not in a perfect place yet.
[SPEAKER_05]: And, you know, AI is being shoved down our throats now.
[SPEAKER_05]: Obviously, Facebook has been doing a lot.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like now you go into comments and you see Facebook.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, and it's like you go to Google things and oftentimes you see an AI result first.
[SPEAKER_05]: All the time.
[SPEAKER_05]: Which is...
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, so you know how to get rid of the AI searches on a Google search, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh no, I hadn't looked how to do that yet.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I didn't know about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I have a link that I'll put in chat for this that will just do it automatically for you, but it's a little ending that you can add on it that bypasses the AI results and brings like a classic Google search up.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll find it for you.
[SPEAKER_05]: And let me also point this out is that with AI, and I think a lot of people have lulled because people went into Google and asked something like, can I eat rocks?
[SPEAKER_05]: And the AI comes back and says, yes, rocks are yummy.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't remember what the exact question was, but because it was pulling it from an Onion article.
[SPEAKER_05]: So AI can't really see that nuance and parody that's out there on the internet, right?
[SPEAKER_05]: And it's almost as if you could flood the internet with misinformation and AI will pick it up.
[SPEAKER_05]: Period, end of sentence.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's the biggest problem with AI right now.
[SPEAKER_05]: Especially in an election year, it's going to be continuing to be the biggest problem with AI.
[SPEAKER_05]: So just look out, everybody.
[SPEAKER_07]: And especially now that image generators now are so sophisticated.
[SPEAKER_05]: Also, what's really important is the fact that... I understand that Google wants to lean into AI a little more because I do think where AI is...
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_05]: Appetizers for Party, you know, and looks that stuff up.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now people are going to chat GPT and kind of doing that more specific sort of nuanced thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I understand why Google is trying to lean into it a little more because Google sees the AI is about to replace it because that's where, you know, AI is, you know, really there won't be Googling things.
[SPEAKER_05]: It'll be chat GPTing things or whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_05]: So this is a big reason why Google is trying to lean into this.
[SPEAKER_05]: However,
[SPEAKER_05]: It doesn't mean... Again, it's not ready for primetime.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_05]: Everybody in chat is pulling... Questmaster pulls up the put glue in your pizza.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, another nuanced thing, which is what they do in marketing ads.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm going to add it in that the...
[SPEAKER_02]: you can add to your search string ampersand U like uniform D like delta and like mic equal sign one four there and it's out there you you can find it but for anyone who has like Google as their home page there's also
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a little bit different.
[SPEAKER_02]: I put it in chat.
[SPEAKER_02]: We can put this up on one of our socials later, but you can do that as your search engine if it lets you put in a custom search engine link and that will load it up as your search page.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anyway, we deviate a little bit from the original headline of IGN buying Eurogamer.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I do think it comes back to these large companies and these large boardrooms that these companies really feel like AI is going to replace journalism.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that is a very sad future we're looking at.
[SPEAKER_05]: Very sad.
[SPEAKER_03]: Honestly enough, I'm about ready to go make my own commune.
[SPEAKER_05]: We need regulation on AI, like now.
[SPEAKER_05]: But the problem is our government is so fucking fractured and split that it's not going to happen.
[SPEAKER_04]: And they're supporting it.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're supporting it now until their party doesn't get in the search results as much as they feel like it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Then all of a sudden it'll be like, we gotta ban them.
[SPEAKER_02]: Honestly, I...
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm just going to leave this here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Term limits.
[SPEAKER_02]: Please, term limits.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_05]: And, you know, we need Google AI to be able to, when you type in, is Trump a twice-impeached convicted felon, the results come up and say, yes, he was convicted.
[SPEAKER_05]: So we just need that to come up, and then that party will support that.
[SPEAKER_05]: And on the Democratic side, too.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, it needs to be accurate as well, you know?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anyway, I'm not going to get into it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, IGN bought companies and laid off people and it sucks.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, it sucks.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hopefully less sucky news.
[SPEAKER_05]: A little bit more lighthearted.
[SPEAKER_05]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, trying not to get any more felonies on your way to the parking lot.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, 34 felonies in a row.
[SPEAKER_07]: 34, yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: So this week was the celebration of Minecraft's 15-year anniversary.
[SPEAKER_07]: And as such, they had a bunch of different announcements that came out regarding Minecraft, none of which were the Minecraft...
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_07]: and yeah we don't know what it's going to be about because they just had a really really short trailer and it kind of reminded me of the kind of cinematic trailers that they do for the Minecraft updates right now and to talk about what Jason was saying in the intro about Jack Black voicing Steve no no sir you are incorrect Jack Black is Steve it's a live-action movie
[SPEAKER_07]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_07]: He just embodies Steve.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then Jason Momoa is somebody.
[SPEAKER_07]: He's there too.
[SPEAKER_05]: When's that Minecraft movie coming out?
[SPEAKER_05]: Next year?
[SPEAKER_07]: Next year sometime.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know when.
[SPEAKER_07]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_07]: But they've finished filming, I think, already.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wow, they did that fast.
[SPEAKER_07]: Trash.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, I'm sure it's good.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sure they'll handle it as well as they've handled their updates.
[SPEAKER_05]: Exactly, it's just like, you know
[SPEAKER_07]: When you tease an update as the wild update and you say, we're going to reimagine all these different biomes and you add one and then do nothing else.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, that's wild.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's not wild.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's just like, that's awful.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's some wild marketing you did.
[SPEAKER_07]: or now the process is instead of like coming up with a theme and then working towards like this themed update can you imagine like an expansion for Final Fantasy but instead of it like being like this themed expansion with a story and all this stuff it's just like oh whatever crap we have in the development cycle that we just happen to finish and we'll piece it all together and then just try to figure out what involves crap on the table what kind of theme does this fit you know and then that's what we're going to call it I mean
[SPEAKER_05]: To be fair, Diablo 3 sold that as the Necromancer expansion.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's kind of what they're doing.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's ridiculous, but like, whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's what it is.
[SPEAKER_05]: SSJ100Matt in chat says, we're supposed to get an Among Us animated series trailer this week.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, I mean, with Naughty 3 Week this week, so it makes a lot of sense.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I saw that.
[SPEAKER_07]: It looked interesting.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, you know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, just look back, like,
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, that's true.
[SPEAKER_05]: We've been eating really good when it comes to a lot of video game media lately.
[SPEAKER_05]: And not all of it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Some of it's still pretty crap, but... Well, I mean, you know, for the most part, it's still pretty good.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: um what else what what hasn't been optioned into a Netflix uh series or movie or something like that that needs to be still I heard the Final Fantasy 14 thing isn't happening and that makes me sad yeah I don't think that's not happening but like wasn't there supposed to be a Bioshock series at one time I mean I I know that that was something that was talking they were talking about that Mass Effect they always talk about
[SPEAKER_05]: a movie or a TV show or something.
[SPEAKER_05]: It feels like it never goes anywhere.
[SPEAKER_05]: It gets off the ground.
[SPEAKER_05]: I wish they would.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think they're very scared to commit to one canon in Mass Effect but I think there's ways they could tell the story and let the game be its own thing for sure.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, moving on, let's talk about some news that's happening at Twitch Television And that is the removal of the Safety Council Okay, it's a little different than that But the Safety Council was given notice that they will no longer be needed So there is the Safety Advisory Council that was formed in 2020
[SPEAKER_05]: This board was helping Twitch with new policies, developing products to improve safety, protecting interests of marginalized groups.
[SPEAKER_05]: Unfortunately, as Twitch gained a lot of popularity during pandemic lockdowns, that was also the rise of bullshit like hate raids and a lot of the negative shit we think about when we think about Twitch.
[SPEAKER_05]: However, according to CNBC, which reports on a lot of financial updates, Twitch has terminated the members on the council because you have to pull everybody in and tell them that basically their contracts are going to end with a certain amount of notice.
[SPEAKER_05]: So they were brought into a meeting on May 6th and told their contracts end on May 31st and there will be no payment for the second half of 2024.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_05]: Some of the members included a Dr. Samir
[SPEAKER_05]: Hinduja, who is co-director of the Cyberbullying Research Center, Dr. T.L.
[SPEAKER_05]: Taylor, the co-founder and director of AnyKey, Emma Lonzo, I hope I said that right, I'm sorry if I didn't, the director of the Free Expression Project for the Center of Democracy and Technology.
[SPEAKER_05]: Those are some pretty big heavy hitter names.
[SPEAKER_05]: And with that, it was apparently the members on this board were being paid between $10,000 and $20,000 a year.
[SPEAKER_05]: This was not their full-time gig because I just mentioned they all have these other commitments.
[SPEAKER_05]: This was something they did part of the time, but you can see that that money starts to add up.
[SPEAKER_05]: So Twitch said in an email to those members that going forward, the Safety Advisory Council will primarily be made up of individuals who serve as Twitch ambassadors.
[SPEAKER_05]: Twitch ambassadors are people that positively contribute to the Twitch community from being role models for their community
[SPEAKER_05]: to establishing new content genres to having inspirational stories that empower those around them.
[SPEAKER_05]: There was a statement from Twitch trusted safety communications manager Elizabeth Busby who said the new council members are going to quote, offer fresh, diverse perspectives.
[SPEAKER_05]: We're excited to work with our global Twitch ambassadors, all of whom are active on Twitch, know our safety work first and have a range of experiences to pull from.
[SPEAKER_05]: Of course, there's no word on if those ambassadors will get paid.
[SPEAKER_05]: But you would assume that most of those ambassadors are probably existing Twitch partners and things like that.
[SPEAKER_05]: So maybe the tradeoff will be promotion, front page, all things like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Reddit moderator philosophy, I guess.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: I understand that these guys, these were some big names.
[SPEAKER_05]: And so they had to compensate those big names for that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm concerned, whereas financially I sort of understand like, okay, yeah, that could have been a couple full-time employees there with that cost.
[SPEAKER_05]: I just would hate to see something like hate raids or these type of attacks show up again in the future.
[SPEAKER_02]: It still happened.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, they're still happening.
[SPEAKER_05]: Not as prevalent, but even if it happens to one marginalized streamer, it's shitty and it shouldn't happen at all.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I think that's money that Twitch needs to put into moderation.
[SPEAKER_05]: But anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, they'll have AI do it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Don't joke about that because honestly, there's big truths that I don't want to admit in what you just said.
[SPEAKER_05]: But again, AI doesn't understand nuance.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that is... And when it comes to moderation, it's all about that.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_05]: For example, there is a...
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_05]: but that's all nuance, right?
[SPEAKER_05]: So I should be able to say that but if, sorry Loki, I'm going to pick on you.
[SPEAKER_05]: Loki would never use that word inappropriately but we'll say evil Loki.
[SPEAKER_05]: If evil Loki were playing Minecraft and was like, this came in and destroyed my build then yeah, he should get a ban for that.
[SPEAKER_05]: But nuance is everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: I picked on one of my VODs because someone, a random person I had picked up playing DVD with dropped it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I had to go and publish my VOD and give them a very strong talking to.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Breakman in chat says, can bi men use that word?
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, we get called it too.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay, I'm going to just leave you with the answer.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's complicated.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I think you look at this.
[SPEAKER_05]: I would say generally, yes, you can use that word.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's not a blank check to write it on every sentence that comes out of your mouth.
[SPEAKER_05]: Think about the weight that a word like that carries because you've been called that.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, so EA has formed a team to finally deal with some of the Sims 4's bugs and some tech issues.
[SPEAKER_02]: They said that they're going to invest more in the core game experience, including fixing performance and content-related bugs.
[SPEAKER_02]: um their their quote is we know that technical issues with Sims 4 have interrupted your gameplay over time and we recognize that this has caused you much frustration today we can share that we have assembled a team to invest in the core gaming experience including tackling your reported concerns and they have a laundry list of different issues that um are going to be addressed during an update on Sims 4 newsroom um that also affects multiple expansions um
[SPEAKER_02]: and they're also looking at some of these bugs that have existed for years including one that's been there since 2016 um
[SPEAKER_02]: there's just well and on top of that too I mean they've they've got that the modding system is easy to mod your game and I'm wondering if if they're not going to start patching out uh game altering mods you know like the remove the the the pixelation when they pee or something you know
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, but, who knows?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I kind of quit playing Sims 4 because, I mean, apart from being able to afford stuff, you know, I just was like, I'm not, there were all kinds of bugs, especially when I was on one of my earlier computers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Honestly, I think it played better on my Mac than it ever did on my PC, but still.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, it's really something that like Sims 4 is like still going all this time later and that something like this is neat.
[SPEAKER_05]: Whereas like I think a lot of games that are this old, you know, kind of end up in autopilot mode.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think it's fascinating to me that it's like this game is still so strong and so prevalent.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I see streamers still playing the Sims 4.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's wild.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I mean, haven't there been like 100 expansions of Sims 4 too?
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, this game keeps printing money for EA for sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I mean, the issues have existed for years and they honestly should have been addressed a while ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: And more than that, when you're dealing with a game that functions primarily off of extra DLC, well, I mean, we don't know any other games that have problems like that, do we?
[SPEAKER_02]: To my daylight.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Are they still working on a Sims 5?
[SPEAKER_05]: I feel like that's always kind of rumbled.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're always going to be working on one.
[SPEAKER_05]: It is coming.
[SPEAKER_05]: They've already announced it, I thought.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what they did too.
[SPEAKER_05]: I wonder if that's something we'll get more word on this week.
[SPEAKER_05]: Maybe with Naughty 3.
[SPEAKER_05]: My big thing on my Naughty 3 wish list, I guess this will come out of the PC showcase because I don't know where else they'd put it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Civ 7.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm ready for Civ 7.
[SPEAKER_05]: Come on.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's our year.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's do it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anyway, well, speaking of naughty three announcements, some things are slipping out early, aren't they?
[SPEAKER_05]: Naughty three leaks!
[SPEAKER_07]: So yeah, we've got some naughty three leaks already that are going to become, well, we may see these actually on Sunday, so all related around Microsoft, and the first one is that there's a rumor that there's this game that used to exist under the codename Year Zero that is a brand new Doom game that's going to take place during the
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Ages, they're saying now the final name is Doom the Dark Ages and it's been in development for four years and we're supposed to be seeing that in this next um this announcement apparently inside Insider Gamer had heard early details of the game and um that's supposed to be coming and according to um
[SPEAKER_07]: What was it?
[SPEAKER_07]: According to a podcaster and insider, NateTheHate said that Doom the Dark Ages in fact will launch also on the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's going to be one of those multi-platform titles as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: Along with that...
[SPEAKER_07]: Call of Duty Black Ops 6 Game Pass
[SPEAKER_07]: and then along with that it is also still coming to last gen consoles as well so the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One so that's also interesting probably because they still have a big user base there but more details to come on Sunday next Sunday
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: I can be done with work at 4 o'clock because I start early enough.
[SPEAKER_07]: I hope we get another trailer.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I'm sure we will because they like to hype the crap out of it.
[SPEAKER_07]: But for Light, No Fire.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, I want that so bad.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, I love what Hello Games has been doing.
[SPEAKER_05]: Even though I have to admit, so also something that came out while I was gone, they had a No Man's Sky patch come out with a new expedition.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I have to say, I think it's the first time in a very long time where I kind of went, I read the patch notes and I went, meh, I'll skip it.
[SPEAKER_05]: I know Still though, I mean No, still, I love No Man's Sky and I, yeah, and it's but yeah, the expedition I was like you know, even looking at the awards and everything I was like, meh, I'll probably skip it Oof 2 o'clock Pacific?
[SPEAKER_05]: Uh I'm not gonna be able to make that, Bobby, it's a little too early It's a bummer Why can't they do it later?
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: Because in Mortal Kombat, for example, let me see if I can actually for you, those of you that are watching live on Twitch, I'll actually show you on the other screen here.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's actually, this person has actually modded Goofy and Donald Duck from Kingdom Hearts into Mortal Kombat.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, good lord.
[SPEAKER_05]: uh Toasted Shoes says they've gotten an IP infringement notification from Warner Brothers and if they don't remove their Mortal Kombat 1 videos that channel will be hit with copyright strikes for each video um of course if those copyright strikes all added up the channel would basically be closed um
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_05]: So, of course, Warner Brothers hasn't said anything on this yet, but here we go.
[SPEAKER_05]: The second story tonight about a company where the right hand and the left hand are doing different things.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was going to say, it might be something because it's Disney content.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, then Disney would be the one to send that email.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: Orange right in chat.
[SPEAKER_05]: Gold star comment tonight saying, Garsh, your head just rips off so easily.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yuck.
[SPEAKER_07]: I would want to see that.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what we should be using AI for.
[SPEAKER_07]: No!
[SPEAKER_07]: For mods.
[SPEAKER_05]: No!
[SPEAKER_07]: ChatGPT, give me a goofy mod for Mortal Kombat 1.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, Garsh, I hate it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, let's get into our next segment where we can talk about a real... No, we can't even talk about a real game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Garsh, we're going to talk about a classic cancelled game tonight.
[SPEAKER_05]: But let's roll the bumper and we'll get into it here right now.
[SPEAKER_00]: But as we mentioned, once a month here in the year 2024, DarkSakura picks a
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: It is a cancelled minigame compilation that's developed by Absolute Entertainment starring Penn & Teller, the famous magicians and debunker of Tomfoolery.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also famous for a show I used to watch pretty regularly called Penn & Teller Bullshit.
[SPEAKER_02]: Really good show.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, it had six minigames that you used to play practical jokes on others.
[SPEAKER_02]: There were two party tricks and two multiplayer, quote, scams, in which one player can unfairly interrupt the gameplay or influence it.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's the beat-em-up smoke and mirrors.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Desert Bus, in which you drive a bus down an empty, straight road.
[SPEAKER_02]: for eight hours to score 1.1.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you can't just leave the bus there.
[SPEAKER_02]: You gotta steer the thing or you will go off-road.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was designed by Penn & Teller with Barry Marks and a concept provided by Eddie Gorodetsky.
[SPEAKER_02]: it was announced to be released in 1994 and then was later rescheduled for April Fool's Day 1995 and they had the Sega CD version finished on time and review copies ready to go out Absolute Entertainment couldn't afford to do it so we'll get into a little bit more about this but I mean there are
[SPEAKER_02]: Definitely mixed reviews.
[SPEAKER_02]: People have since played it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Even though Absolute Entertainment ceased its full operations in late 1995, they're still a little bit on the map for this whole...
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, this whole shenanigans that went on with this.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they had a planned PC and 3DO version.
[SPEAKER_02]: Those, of course, were canceled.
[SPEAKER_02]: The review copies were rediscovered, and an archivist named Frank Cifaldi shared one online in September 2005, and then things took off from there.
[SPEAKER_02]: In fact, the Desert Best minigame was...
[SPEAKER_02]: led to the charity Desert Bust for Hope, which is a charity livestream that was held in 2007 and turned into an annual event.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that minigame has been remade unofficially a few times, especially a couple of Android and iOS versions for that charity, and a VR version by Gearbox in 2019.
[SPEAKER_02]: So to go over some of the minigames, you have some full motion video that's introductions for each by Penn and Teller.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it basically talks about the one who is aware of how the game functions and then the sucker.
[SPEAKER_02]: and they have a hidden owner menu where the owner can set up the mini games to play practical jokes on the sucker so there's for the tricks there's What's Your Sign and Mofo the Psychic Gorilla
[SPEAKER_02]: With What's Your Sign, the owner inputs the sucker's birthday in a menu beforehand.
[SPEAKER_02]: And when the sucker is playing, Penn and Teller ask them questions and pretend to use their Persona meter to guess their astrological sign and birthday.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mofo the Psychic Gorilla, the sucker draws a standard playing card.
[SPEAKER_02]: but the owner has put it into the game and then the mofo can ask and then mofo the psychic gorilla can ask the sucker some questions even asking them to lie and then pretends they guessed the card which they know the card in Desert Bus you are driving a bus on a straight road between Tucson, Arizona and Las Vegas for the record I have been on this stretch of road
[SPEAKER_02]: between Phoenix, Arizona and Las Vegas I guess it's the same one actually and it really is long and dull although you do pass Joshua Trees and that's cool it's a bummer because they could have done a sequel driving from Winnemucca to Boise which I would argue is the most boring piece of fucking road I've ever been on in my life well
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, you open the doors at different bus stops in the LAL, but no one will get off or on.
[SPEAKER_02]: You have a top speed of 45 miles an hour, or for those in smart countries that use metrics, 72 kilometers an hour.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you have a length of 350 miles or 580 kilometers.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, basically, one ride...
[SPEAKER_02]: Takes 8 hours in real time.
[SPEAKER_02]: The bus will automatically veer to the right so you have to keep controlling it and the game cannot be paused.
[SPEAKER_02]: Completing a drive between the two cities gives you one point and the option to turn around and travel back in the other direction.
[SPEAKER_02]: When you drive off the road or you get stuck in sand or overheat, it must be towed back to the previous stop in real time.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was a planned competition where the highest scoring player would have joined Penn and Teller on a real trip from Tucson to Las Vegas in a party bus with a visit at the Rio Hotel and Casino.
[SPEAKER_02]: there's the scams which is Buzzbombers and Sunscorcher Buzzbombers is a shoot-em-up like Space Invaders and you control Barry and Marshall and have to shoot animals to gain points and hitting larvae for a score penalty so you can choose the owner can choose to covertly give the player a disadvantage and then in Sunscorcher which is a space-themed shoot-em-up
[SPEAKER_02]: it claims there's a thermographics that can endanger the players and it repeatedly has this enemy mothership that emits thermographics when defeated and then when the owner activates that scam the third defeat of the mothership will cause the game to play a sound of electric arcing and static
[SPEAKER_02]: So then the owner would then act out being electrocuted by the game or that someone's broken the TV or something.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then Smoke and Mirrors is a beat-em-up like Double Dragons where you control Penn and Teller to go take down the magician duo of Stinkbomb and Rot, a parody of Siegfried and Roy.
[SPEAKER_02]: who have convinced the population that magic is real and in place of punches they shoot playing cards to defeat their enemy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Debbie Harry and Lou Reed are also in there with Lou Reed in the impossible mode to always defeat the players.
[SPEAKER_05]: Wait, I have a weird question, but I need to know the answer.
[SPEAKER_05]: Was there, like, a war with Penn and Teller and Siegfried and Roy?
[SPEAKER_05]: Because I never imagined that there was, like, a war, but now that I'm imagining, like, maybe they had beef?
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, I don't know, like, you know.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think competition.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yuriko O'Hara and Kim Chi, like, maybe they had beef?
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, maybe.
[SPEAKER_05]: I kind of love that fantasy.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know why.
[SPEAKER_02]: I honestly don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, each of their forms of magic, their performances were completely different.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, for sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: As for how the game was developed, before it was in production, the company was already kind of in the shitter.
[SPEAKER_02]: And one of the games they had, Goofy's Hysterical History Tour in 93, had a bunch of unsold inventory and would have cost the company millions of dollars to remove from customs.
[SPEAKER_02]: So the producer, Barry Marks, who knew Gillette, conceived of the game and made a pitch and said you can be directly involved in it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Eddie Gordetsky came up with the Desert Bus idea as an overly realistic and non-violent game in response to Janet Reno, who at the time was the United States Attorney General and opposed violence in video games.
[SPEAKER_02]: and then Penn and Teller recorded their full motion video sequences with a blue screen and then they just got to it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, basically the characters for the Smoke and Mirrors minigame were rotoscoped
[SPEAKER_02]: It was a bunch of different teams that just put this all together and made it work as a game.
[SPEAKER_02]: The game was announced for Sega CD at 1994 CES Consumer Electronics Show.
[SPEAKER_02]: and Absolute wanted to get it out by the 1994 Christmas season but with delays they rescheduled it for April 1st, 1995 which I'm sure was an apt name or apt date.
[SPEAKER_02]: They announced a PC version at CES 1995
[SPEAKER_02]: and the company's president was on stage with Penn & Teller and was really focusing on wanting to get that PC version out.
[SPEAKER_02]: He was a big proponent of Windows 95.
[SPEAKER_02]: He also talked about the 3DO version at E3 1995.
[SPEAKER_02]: so the Sega CD version was finished on time as I said but they didn't have the money to release it and then stalled the other ones and so they changed the date to April 15th which also was not met there were press copies available they pushed it back to July 1995 for Sega CD in October 1995 for PC and
[SPEAKER_02]: and then 1996 for 3DO and then they ceased operations and laid off most of their employees by late 1995.
[SPEAKER_02]: and the game was put on indefinite hold.
[SPEAKER_02]: According to Teller, who famously does not speak in a performance, the format was dead by that time and they couldn't find parties interested in acquiring the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: The game, however, has been reviewed and got some pretty mixed reviews.
[SPEAKER_02]: Captain Squidio for GamePro said that the controls to play efficiently were pretty complicated.
[SPEAKER_02]: and once you learned them though that using them correctly was pretty satisfying the inconsistent graphic quality was panned a bit the sound however was sharp and clear according to CaptainSquidio and that desert bus was one of the best features in the game in fact some called it pretty hysterical even if boring so
[SPEAKER_02]: One reviewer, though, Mean Machine Sega, said it was a crap idea that should be avoided.
[SPEAKER_02]: So anyway, to move on with summing this up, it did have a pretty lasting legacy.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was that press copy that was recovered in December 2000, and then Meston, who was one of the reviewers for Video Game Advisor, Zach Meston, said,
[SPEAKER_02]: he worked he had actually reached out to Michael Thomason of Good Deal Games that had also released other cancelled Sega CD games but he wasn't able to get a publishing agreement with Penn & Teller and the managers holding over Absolute Entertainment's assets and so they abandoned the talk and so eventually um
[SPEAKER_02]: Later that year, an activist named Frank Cifaldi obtained a backup of the review copy and published it on the Something Awful forums.
[SPEAKER_02]: Remember them?
[SPEAKER_02]: Including adding the torrent file to distribute it.
[SPEAKER_02]: The torrent file is actually defunct now.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's a new link by the website Waxy as of 2006.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then there came Desert Bus for Hope.
[SPEAKER_02]: Morgan Van Humbeck who is a member of a comedy group called Loading Ready Run obtained the game through Waxy and arranged the actually wanted to use it in a comedy sketch but eventually it turned into a fundraiser for Child's Play and now Desert Bus for Hope is an annual thing and there's a French version Desert Bus de l'Espoir
[SPEAKER_02]: as of 2013.
[SPEAKER_02]: There were remakes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Amateur Pixels did an Android and iOS version for 99 cents in November 2011 with the proceeds going to charity.
[SPEAKER_02]: Shiny Shoe did Desert Bus VR for Oculus Rift.
[SPEAKER_02]: In 2014, there was a homebrew for the Wii.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then there were also commercial copies put out for the Atari 2600 and Intellivision in 2013 and 2016, respectively.
[SPEAKER_02]: Another free VR remake, also called Desert Bus VR, was published...
[SPEAKER_02]: by Gearbox for Steam for the Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then there was a PEGI-rated version for PS4.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then there was Desert Limo in the 2014 game Roundabout and the 2018 user-created Map Revenant bus for Doom 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also paid homage to the Desert bus.
[SPEAKER_02]: and that's the game Penn and Teller's Smoke and Mirrors and fully completed never officially released but always eternal in our memory
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, an interesting point that Bobby brought up in the chat room is that, you know, Desert Bus in some ways really inspired what happened with the creation of Games Done Quick.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, obviously, Desert Bus is the least quick game probably a person can think of.
[SPEAKER_05]: But it's interesting that that kind of charity event lent itself to, you know, the GDQ event, even though...
[SPEAKER_03]: They can make money doing it slow.
[SPEAKER_03]: We can make money doing it fast.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I want to say Penn and Teller, you know, finally one of those years during Desert Bus, they actually donated one year, which I actually thought was really cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I think they were into it when they saw, you know, what it was being used for.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: so very cool all right well that's a that's a heck of a classic game uh that got canceled that's what the whole point of of this segment was that it was a collection of mini games yeah yeah Desert Bus was uh just just one of many games in this part of it and uh but I don't I don't know I did not think any of the games looked particularly good myself but it was it was from a different time too you know I feel like some of those early CD-ROM games a lot of them were kind of
[SPEAKER_05]: A little messy.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: For the record, I got bored in five seconds and said, let's go.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's go.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was like, let's go.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's get into some rapid fire news before we go tonight.
[SPEAKER_05]: So let's travel around the industry and check out some other headlines going on.
[SPEAKER_05]: So Loki, we'll start with you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, Blaze Entertainment has announced the Evercade Alpha, which is a bar-top arcade cabinet that plays the Evercade games.
[SPEAKER_07]: At least some of the Evercade games.
[SPEAKER_07]: So with that, their first collection that they have with it is a Capcom collection.
[SPEAKER_07]: And what's kind of cool about it, though, is it actually has different marquees that you can put in it as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: so there's the Mega Man Power Fighters version that's available that comes with those looks like Final Fight, Strider, Knights of the Round, and Carrier Air Wing then there's also a Street Fighter version that you can get as well that comes with Street Fighter 2 Championship Edition, Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo, Super Puzzle Fighter 2 Turbo, and Street Fighter Alpha 1 through 3
[SPEAKER_07]: Also, they have pretty nice joysticks in there as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think they were like Sanwa joysticks in there.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm going to imagine those cabs are very similar to the Ms.
[SPEAKER_05]: Pac-Man minicab that I have behind me when we do OLR.
[SPEAKER_05]: Because this was about $120 from Arcade1Up.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think I got it on sale at Target.
[SPEAKER_05]: and so on.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I think the Evercade is going to look like this.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm actually super interested in one just because I have the Evercade versus anyway.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I think these cabinets will be good.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I'm far more interested in the Mega Man one because, and as you can imagine, having two people stand at this time, that's not going to happen.
[SPEAKER_05]: so the Street Fighter stuff is really more of a novelty thing especially if it doesn't get online and do that whole thing so I think the other cabinet is going to be more interesting to me but just the fact that you can do cartridges and do more games is also interesting however, I'll quickly say this because it came up on Bobby's show something that isn't really out there about Evercade that needs to be
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: they do not play in my Evercade Versus when you put them in there it says sorry these games are not licensed for this console they only work on the Evercade handheld that's lame super lame super lame so just heads up be aware of that and I would not expect those cartridges are going to work in a minicab either because you're literally looking at other Namco games in this minicab so I don't know we'll see we'll see
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Along with that, there was that homebrew... It's a strange concept that a homebrew...
[SPEAKER_07]: That's part of the charm.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yep, that is the charm.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's on itch.io and it's apparently going to be coming to Steam very soon as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: So look for that.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, this is interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: And honestly, it's already there.
[SPEAKER_02]: World of Warcraft is available in GeForce Now.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's including the classic version, Dragonflight and Cataclysm Classic.
[SPEAKER_02]: And also a few other things, such as Rogue Prince of Persia.
[SPEAKER_02]: And later on in June, we're getting Resident Evil Village and Street Fighter VI.
[SPEAKER_02]: and honestly enough like uh I've been playing games on there for an age and it tends to be pretty smooth I mean I play for the top tier of it because I stream from it but it's a great service I'm you know I was kind of thinking I you know I saw it on there and I was like well maybe I should play WoW again and then I was like no and I was like let's go
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a cool deal.
[SPEAKER_02]: And honestly, that works out for people who maybe have surfaces, for example, so that they can have a way to play the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, one more story for you, and this actually came up last week while we were out, but it's definitely worth talking about, and that is Nintendo has announced they will be opening a second store in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_05]: So right now, Nintendo only has one official store in the U.S., and that's in New York City at 30 Rockefeller, or not 30 Rock, but at Rockefeller Center.
[SPEAKER_05]: But Nintendo is going to be opening a second store in a somewhat similar sort of location on the other coast.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's going to be in San Francisco, and it's going to be in Union Square.
[SPEAKER_05]: What?
[SPEAKER_05]: We're going.
[SPEAKER_05]: Which is funny because I just spent the night last night in Union Square.
[SPEAKER_05]: We got a hotel room at Union Square for after the concert.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it's kind of funny hearing that Nintendo is going to have a store there.
[SPEAKER_05]: But they haven't said where or what storefront it's replacing.
[SPEAKER_05]: But unfortunately, as we all know, a lot of the stores in Union Square have been closing because of whether it's the COVID and things that that did.
[SPEAKER_05]: There's been a lot of talk about the thefts in mass and all that and what effect that's had.
[SPEAKER_05]: Although I've noticed...
[SPEAKER_05]: There's a lot like Neiman Marcus has one of those doors that only so many people can get through at once.
[SPEAKER_05]: The spinning doors that you usually see in cities with more worse weather like snow and stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: You see the spinning doors a lot more frequently.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I don't know if that's a thing or what, but also security guards at every store.
[SPEAKER_05]: Security Guards.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it's just interesting.
[SPEAKER_05]: But there's been a lot of stores in San Francisco Union Square that have closed, but there are others that are opening to kind of take that place, which will be very interesting.
[SPEAKER_05]: So yeah, I'm excited.
[SPEAKER_05]: And absolutely, when DarkSakura says we're going, yeah, we are.
[SPEAKER_05]: We're going to go get brunch in the Castro, and then we're going to go shopping, and then we're going to be broke.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it is the second official.
[SPEAKER_05]: Again, we don't know a lot.
[SPEAKER_05]: We just know it's going to be called Nintendo San Francisco.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've already been to the mall.
[SPEAKER_05]: and it will open in 2025.
[SPEAKER_05]: We just don't know when.
[SPEAKER_05]: More details in the future.
[SPEAKER_05]: I would imagine this might actually pop in in a Nintendo Direct.
[SPEAKER_05]: Maybe not as soon as the one that's rumored for, you know, not E3 period this month, but maybe in a few months we'll hear a little more information about exactly where it's going and people will be able to figure out which storefront it in fact is replacing.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, all right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_05]: I hope it's got the full Pokemon Center too.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I imagine it's got to be a multi-story storefront there.
[SPEAKER_05]: And you know, Nintendo had a presence in San Francisco, not on the retail front, but they used to have a big office there.
[SPEAKER_05]: They might still have one.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think they laid a lot of people off there, sadly.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think they may have relocated the people that stayed to Washington.
[SPEAKER_05]: But Nintendo used to have a pretty sizable presence in San Francisco.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it's interesting that they are coming back in a different way.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, well, if Sega's here, we are too.
[SPEAKER_05]: Is Sega still in San Francisco?
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I was saying at the time.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't even think Zynga's in that building now.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't think.
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I think that building is... Zynga, LOL.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, let's move on and travel the world and check out some release dates.
[SPEAKER_05]: See how busy this week is.
[SPEAKER_05]: Loki in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Very busy at all.
[SPEAKER_07]: So this week we've got a few things starting off with the Elder Scrolls Online Gold Road expansion coming out on PC and Mac.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have Destiny 2 The Final Shape, another expansion as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_07]: Killer Clowns from Outer Space The Game on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_07]: Star Wars Hunters on Nintendo Switch, iOS and Android, Blockbuster Inc.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a simulation game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sounds interesting on a PC.
[SPEAKER_07]: I wonder if that's based off the store or off of like just making movies or something.
[SPEAKER_05]: I feel like I heard about a simulator game like that, but how would they be able to use the actual name?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: You could license it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know who owns it, but maybe it's licensable.
[SPEAKER_05]: Somebody in the middle of Oregon has that one last store.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, I think there is a license.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, so Blockbuster Inc.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then we've got, let's see, Rider Spirit on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that is it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, and just the Blockbuster Inc.
[SPEAKER_05]: has nothing to do with the company.
[SPEAKER_05]: It is a next generation simulation game where you take the reins of your movie studio and pave your way to the cinematic hall of fame.
[SPEAKER_07]: See, I kind of figured that that might have been what it was.
[SPEAKER_05]: Which means all of your movies must be based on an existing IP and have a star already attached to it.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's how you beat Blockbuster Inc.
[SPEAKER_07]: Eh, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Moving on, let's go to Japan and check out the releases that are coming out there.
[SPEAKER_05]: On the Nintendo Switch, Toohu Special Carnival is out in a regular edition and a carnival edition.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, why not?
[SPEAKER_05]: Seven Days, Anata to Sugosu Nanokanakan is coming out as well in a regular and limited edition.
[SPEAKER_05]: Also, Mistonia no Kibu, The Lost Delight.
[SPEAKER_05]: in a regular and, you guessed it, limited edition.
[SPEAKER_05]: So those are all out on the 6th on the Nintendo Switch and the PlayStation 5 is also getting the Tuho Special Carnival is also... Toho.
[SPEAKER_05]: Toho Special Carnival.
[SPEAKER_05]: Why do I do Japanese release dates?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like... I kind of wonder...
[SPEAKER_05]: It is kind of funny.
[SPEAKER_05]: This joke is getting old, but anyway, so am I. Alright, but that is coming out on the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's the one release that's coming out there, so enjoy.
[SPEAKER_05]: How about Europe?
[SPEAKER_02]: Only a handful of things.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have on the 6th for Switch and PlayStation, the Smurfs Village Party.
[SPEAKER_02]: and then on the 7th for Playstation PC and Switch we have Wrath Aeon of Ruin and then for Playstation and Switch we have Jurassic Park Classic Game Collection a game, I wonder oh wait, I think I do that's like the classic Super Nintendo games, isn't it?
[SPEAKER_07]: right, that's the one that's being put out by Limited Run I think oh, that's pretty cool
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_05]: We have just a couple more stories for you and then we'll get to maybe your emails if we have any, your calls, all that good stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: But first, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I don't know what's going on with Take-Two, but there's been a lot of mixed messaging that we've seen with Take-Two as far as what they're doing with their indie studios, but apparently they're trying to get rid of their indie label, Private Division.
[SPEAKER_07]: They've quietly been laying people off at those different studios, even though they've also said, no, no, no, we're not doing that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: But according to sources talking to IGN, they said the whole layout situation proved that what we already felt, Take-Two could not care less about its employees.
[SPEAKER_07]: so yeah I guess we'll see if there's going to be more layoffs happening I mean despite what they're saying it does sound like that they're like well we're making tons of money with Grand Theft Auto let's just keep making money there and yeah fuck them indies quote attributed they have so much they have so much money that they could really just run that studio with the Grand Theft Auto money but I don't know
[SPEAKER_05]: you know what sometimes though the artsy games are less of an investment and you actually make more money on the dollar than something like the marketing that's going to go into Grand Theft Auto 6 which oh honey you are not prepared for how much marketing there's going to be for Grand Theft Auto 6 when that game finally comes out every bus in the fucking country every bus stop every they'll probably put it on jet planes southwest planes nope it's going to be Grand Theft Auto Air for the next six months
[SPEAKER_02]: Grand Theft Aviator.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, it's going to be all of it.
[SPEAKER_05]: All of it.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Uh moving on we have a kind of a sad and interesting footnote because we know that you know Microsoft closed some studios and we heard that Hi-Fi Rush was able to get one last update out before the teams were you know essentially let go and it appears the same as happening with Redfall.
[SPEAKER_05]: We knew that they were going to end up doing a final update well we had heard that a final update
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: so the final update which is 1.451.3 which by the way I guess 451 is a significant number in Immersive Sims but it's the one that adds the offline mode to Redfall which was the feature that people wanted at launch and that means you can pause the game now also good news in single player anyway you can pause the game so if you get too scared you have to go pee then you can do that now in the game so
[SPEAKER_05]: There's also a few systems that get reworked, like rewarding better rewards and better streamlined.
[SPEAKER_05]: The neighborhood system got retooled, and there's a new meter called Community Standing, which when you unlock a new safe house or complete safe house missions, rescue civilians or killing an underboss.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, there's 39 rewards to be earned from completing all of those challenges.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, so it sounds like it's a pretty meaty update to the game, but unfortunately, that's it.
[SPEAKER_05]: as Arcane Austin closes its doors.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sad.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, well, Breakman in chat says, is there an update to make the game fun?
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, that depends on your opinion of fun.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was going to ask, does that make it good?
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, some people were really turned off by the multiplayer elements and the fact that you had to play with other people.
[SPEAKER_05]: So the fact that this is out there, that might make it fun for you right there.
[SPEAKER_05]: It kind of depends what was missing for you.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't really know how to answer that.
[SPEAKER_05]: But if you're a Game Pass user, you can go grab it.
[SPEAKER_05]: We ain't found shit.
[SPEAKER_05]: We don't have anybody on the line yet either.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I know it's a weird week.
[SPEAKER_05]: We got a lot of news on the horizon.
[SPEAKER_05]: But Loki, did we happen to miss anything?
[SPEAKER_05]: Did you want to do any last minute stories with us?
[SPEAKER_05]: No.
[SPEAKER_05]: No?
[SPEAKER_07]: We don't have anything.
[SPEAKER_07]: Everyone's keeping their cards close to the vest because, you know, Key 3 is up on us.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: I feel like a lot of shows do predictions for E3, but it's like, what can you predict at this point?
[SPEAKER_05]: I'd rather be surprised exactly I think I already said I would love to see Civ 7 that's the thing I most want to see but if it doesn't happen then alright let me down one more time it's cool I know it'll happen eventually so there's that
[SPEAKER_05]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_05]: Maybe a Nintendo stunt would be fun.
[SPEAKER_05]: I would love to see a Nintendo stunt, meaning that they announce on Tuesday that they're going to do a direct on Thursday or something like that.
[SPEAKER_05]: But who knows?
[SPEAKER_05]: Nintendo could.
[SPEAKER_05]: Nintendo's worked with Keeley before.
[SPEAKER_05]: They could do something at the Keeley event, but not the Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_05]: Not the Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_05]: No.
[SPEAKER_05]: But don't put your expectations there.
[SPEAKER_05]: I would say maybe like a port...
[SPEAKER_05]: of a Wii U game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Maybe your Xenoblade Chronicles reveal would be a cool thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: XCX.
[SPEAKER_05]: The XCX reveal for this Switch, hoping it happens, might be a thing that happens at Keeley 3.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, well then we wrap it up.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's the show.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you all so much for tuning in tonight.
[SPEAKER_05]: If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundry, tell a friend or two.
[SPEAKER_05]: Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
[SPEAKER_05]: A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, YouTube, or Spotify goes an awful long way, so please consider those reviews.
[SPEAKER_05]: We really appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_05]: And yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um...
[SPEAKER_02]: stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: I really am without many thoughts right now except I got two weeks of training to do and I'm gonna take it out on people in Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_05]: Good times.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, have fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_04]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_05]: Loki, then we'll go to you.
[SPEAKER_05]: What's your final thought tonight?
[SPEAKER_07]: Final thought is I got a lot of work to do in Minecraft, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: A lot of
[SPEAKER_07]: Gotta get rolling on that theme park.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's coming.
[SPEAKER_07]: Soon.
[SPEAKER_05]: My final thought is, again, I'm so fortunate for all of you that have listened on and off throughout the years.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you so much for those of you that spend time with us.
[SPEAKER_05]: I know it's a long commitment to listen to this show every week, so I appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_05]: So thank you so much to all of you who take part with this show every week.
[SPEAKER_05]: Also, I know it has been quite some time since I've done a stream on my personal channel.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's because I've just been very busy, but some of that busy is starting to clear, so I am going to
[SPEAKER_05]: Do a stream again tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I've been working on some stuff behind the scenes to try to liven things up over on my channel.
[SPEAKER_05]: I finally have built in some new scenes and working with full integration of stream elements.
[SPEAKER_05]: Basically, I've rebuilt everything from the ground up.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I'm looking forward to streaming for you all tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_05]: So if you're not following me on my personal channel, please go check out Rob Roberts.
[SPEAKER_05]: tomorrow we'll be doing Mists of Pandaria Remix just because I want to kind of show like why that is a lot of fun and we'll be leaning in heavily to non-stop always online games like you know I'll play more Diablo 4, Final Fantasy XIV as the expansion comes out and those sorts of things but you know what it's still going to be a particular flavor of the month whatever I'm into so I hope you all will show up tomorrow or those that can that's it
[SPEAKER_05]: Anything else, Loki, or should we just roll the credits?
[SPEAKER_05]: Roll credits.
[SPEAKER_05]: You heard him.
[SPEAKER_05]: Good night, everybody.
[SPEAKER_05]: See you next week.
[SPEAKER_06]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_06]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_06]: To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
[SPEAKER_06]: Pacific, 9 p.m.
[SPEAKER_06]: Eastern.
[SPEAKER_06]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network but you know they were all still true.
[SPEAKER_06]: See you next week.